There are two folders:

1. Static_release_dates: here you have files with node coordinates. Each file of CR101 is created by combining files from C101 and RC101 (C101_0.5 and RC101_0.5, C101_1 and RC101_1, C101_1.5 and RC101_1.5) in the instances used in the paper by Archetti, 2020.

2. Dynamic_release_dates: here you have the data related to the estimated release dates named as instance_δ_I_β.dat.csv. Time is discretized in time units. You should read these files as follows:
Each row corresponds to a time unit. The first number of each row is the ID of the time unit (you will notice that it is constantly increasing by one). The following numbers on each row report, for each node starting from 0 (depot) to 100 (maximum size we considered), the expected value and the variance of the release date. You will notice that the first two numbers are always 0 as they are associated with the depot. When the variance of a node is 0 it means that the package reached the depot (either in the current time period or earlier). Please use this variance to find the actual release date of each customer (rather than the ones in the folder Static_release_dates).

As stated in Archetti, 2020: 

For the generation of the random variables describing the initial release dates for the unknown customers, i.e., ᵣ̃⁰, the parameters of the continuous Gaussian distribution are the expectation and the variance of the distribution, denoted as μ₍ᵢ₍ᵣ̃⁰₎₎ and δ²₍ᵢ₍ᵣ̃⁰₎₎, respectively. The Gaussian distribution is truncated to the 1st and the 99th percentile. Parameters μ₍ᵢ₍ᵣ̃⁰₎₎ and δ²₍ᵢ₍ᵣ̃⁰₎₎ are obtained by simulating the arrival of the vehicles delivering the parcels to the depot, assuming a speed in the interval [10, 100].

For customers in Nₜ^dynamic, the release date is updated by simulating the traveling of the vehicles delivering the parcels to the depot. The distance of each vehicle is updated by decreasing its value by the distance traveled in the previous time unit. If the updated distance from the depot is null (or negative) the vehicle has reached the depot and the customer is included in the set Nₜ^known with release date rᵢ = t. Otherwise, the speed of the vehicle is updated and the new parameters of the release date are computed. The speed is updated as a truncated random walk process with Gaussian steps.

Archetti C, Feillet D, Mor A, Speranza MG, 2020 Dynamic traveling salesman problem with stochastic release dates. European Journal of Operational Research 280(3):832–844. Link to instances: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mVw2u1vuvq6NooKbfHlcYPQReBJXqimQ/view, accessed: 2024-01-12. 
